morning no atmosphere today
Borderlands the pre-sequel is about
handsome Jack's rise to power it's a
sequel to borderlands one and a prequel
to borderlands 2 it's an all new full
standalone experience you're on handsome
Jack's team you're going to follow him
and his rise to power when we finish
Borderlands 2 and as we dove into the
dlc for it we really had so much more we
wanted to bring to the borderlands
universe that's why it was so exciting
to discover that the team down in 2k
Australia was available we talked to
their design as they're designed to talk
to our designers the design team is
pretty much one design team and that
pretty that cater whatever to every
discipline whether that be Rick
narrative whether that be design
programming art it's all fairly much
intertwined now everything that they
bring to the table everything the 2k
Australia invents and adds to
borderlands is a surprise i also am
consuming all this stuff like a fan for
the first time and it's been a real
treat we've got full when you characters
classes Philip Portland's for sequels
first one being nishith at the wall
bring up we have a thing up the
gladiator we also have will help now
Wilhelm was from Borderlands 2 as well
I'm not otherwise we're really excited
about its bring your claptrap as a
playable character for the first time
one of the coolest things about
Borderlands the pre-sequel is because
it's built start as a starting point
from the borderlands 2 technology has
all of the advantages and all the
features and all the capabilities of
that game and with the new environments
bringing low gravity and no atmosphere
there's a tremendous opportunity for for
new gameplay that the 2k Australia guys
have just blown me away with we've
invented things like a low oxygen
because doesn't have atmosphere so what
can you do with some mechanics with pad
with oxygen so we haven't just made it a
resource we've made into a strategy ya
allah when I first realized that I could
use the oxygen tanks as a jetpack and
have longer jumps have double jumps I
can hover I can fly I mean it just added
a whole new loop and then when I'm up
there they added this new feature I call
it a ground pound I don't even know if
it has an official name but basically
when you're when you're flying when
you're hovering
when you're midair you hit the Crouch
button BAM you just smash straight to
the ground leave an impact stun
everybody it's so much fun Borderlands
the pre-sequel is going to come later in
2014 it's going to come to the xbox 360
the playstation 3 and Windows PC it's a
great time to jump in and check out what
all the fuss is about
you